Add raft metrics (#621)
hashicorp/web-unified-docs: content/vault/v1.20.x/content/partials/telemetry-metrics/vault/raft/thread/fsm/saturation.mdx

Metric type | Value       | Description
----------- | ----------- | -----------

> gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the raft FSM goroutine could not accept new work

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### vault.raft.thread.fsm.saturation ((#vault-raft-thread-fsm-saturation))

gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the raft FSM goroutine could not accept new work

High saturation of the raft goroutines can increase latency in the rest of the
system and cause cluster instability. We recommend a steady-state saturation
less than 50%.
```

> gauge       | percentage  | An approximate measurement of the proportion of time the Raft FSM goroutine is busy and unavailable to accept new work

Reviewer: @include '/vault/docs/global/alert.mdx'
```suggestion
gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the raft FSM goroutine could not accept new work
```

Do we know more about what constitutes "busy"? And does the metric also take into account situations where the routine is down for some reason or there's a networking error of some kind? Trying to figure out if there's enough additional information we might want to include as an elaboration below the table.

> Metric type | Value       | Description
> ----------- | ----------- | -----------
> ### vault.raft.thread.fsm.saturation ((#vault-raft-thread-fsm-saturation))

Author: ```suggestion
### vault.raft.thread.fsm.saturation ((#vault-raft-thread-fsm-saturation))

Metric type | Value       | Description
----------- | ----------- | -----------
```

> gauge       | percentage  | Approximate proportion of time the raft FSM goroutine could not accept new work

Author: Sorry, didnt see this and fixed separately

> High saturation of the raft goroutines can increase latency in the rest of the
> system and cause cluster instability. We recommend a steady-state saturation
> less than 50%.

Author: ```suggestion
High saturation of the raft goroutines can increase latency in the rest of the
system and cause cluster instability.
```
